Success doesn't come from what you do occasionally, it comes from what you do consistently.
The expert in anything was once a beginner.
Don’t watch the clock; do what it does. Keep going.
Push yourself, because no one else is going to do it for you.
Don’t limit your challenges. Challenge your limits.
Success is the sum of small efforts, repeated day in and day out.
It always seems impossible until it’s done.
The secret to getting ahead is getting started.
Discipline is the bridge between goals and accomplishment.
Work hard in silence, let success make the noise.
Great things are not done by impulse, but by a series of small things brought together.
If you’re tired, learn to rest, not to quit.
The only place where success comes before work is in the dictionary.
Believe you can and you're halfway there.
Your limitation—it’s only your imagination.
Sometimes later becomes never. Do it now.
Dream it. Wish it. Do it.
Success doesn’t just find you. You have to go out and get it.
The harder you work for something, the greater you’ll feel when you achieve it.
Don’t stop when you’re tired. Stop when you’re done.
Wake up with determination. Go to bed with satisfaction.
Do something today that your future self will thank you for.
Little things make big days.
It’s going to be hard, but hard does not mean impossible.
Don’t wait for opportunity. Create it.
Sometimes we’re tested not to show our weaknesses, but to discover our strengths.
The key to success is to focus on goals, not obstacles.
Dream bigger. Do bigger.
Don’t wish it were easier. Wish you were better.
Go the extra mile. It’s never crowded.
Push through the pain. Giving up hurts more.
Don’t let what you cannot do interfere with what you can do.
It does not matter how slowly you go as long as you do not stop.
The best way to predict the future is to create it.
You don’t have to be great to start, but you have to start to be great.
Start where you are. Use what you have. Do what you can.
You are capable of more than you know.
You miss 100% of the shots you don’t take.
If you can’t stop thinking about it, don’t stop working for it.
You don’t need to see the whole staircase, just take the first step.
Doubt kills more dreams than failure ever will.
Work until your idols become your rivals.
Success isn’t overnight. It’s when every day you get a little better than before. It adds up.
Be so good they can’t ignore you.
Opportunities don’t happen. You create them.
Keep your eyes on the stars, and your feet on the ground.
Stay away from those people who try to disparage your ambitions.
Do not wait to strike till the iron is hot; but make it hot by striking.
Perseverance is not a long race; it is many short races one after the other.
The man who moves a mountain begins by carrying away small stones.
Success usually comes to those who are too busy to be looking for it.
Don't wish for it. Work for it.
Success is not in what you have, but who you are.
Success is walking from failure to failure with no loss of enthusiasm.
Hard work beats talent when talent doesn't work hard.
Don't be pushed around by the fears in your mind. Be led by the dreams in your heart.
Work hard, stay positive, and get up early. It’s the best part of the day.
Don't let yesterday take up too much of today.
It’s not whether you get knocked down, it’s whether you get up.
The road to success and the road to failure are almost exactly the same.
Act as if what you do makes a difference. It does.
You learn more from failure than from success. Don’t let it stop you.
With the new day comes new strength and new thoughts.
Quality means doing it right when no one is looking.
Things work out best for those who make the best of how things work out.
Learning never exhausts the mind.
Live as if you were to die tomorrow. Learn as if you were to live forever.
All our dreams can come true if we have the courage to pursue them.
The future belongs to those who believe in the beauty of their dreams.
Be yourself; everyone else is already taken.
Shoot for the moon. Even if you miss, you’ll land among the stars.
Be so busy improving yourself that you have no time to criticize others.
A winner is a dreamer who never gives up.
Don’t be afraid to give up the good to go for the great.
If you want something you’ve never had, you must be willing to do something you’ve never done.
A little progress each day adds up to big results.
You don't always get what you wish for. You get what you work for.
Don’t downgrade your dream just to fit your reality. Upgrade your conviction to match your destiny.
Don’t measure yourself by what you have accomplished, but by what you should have accomplished with your ability.
If everything seems under control, you’re not going fast enough.
Success is how high you bounce when you hit bottom.
Motivation is what gets you started. Habit is what keeps you going.
Stay focused. Go after your dreams and keep moving toward your goals.
Never regret a day in your life. Good days give happiness, bad days give experience.
You were born to be real, not to be perfect.
If you want to achieve greatness stop asking for permission.
Small deeds done are better than great deeds planned.
Keep going. Everything you need will come to you at the perfect time.
The more you sweat in practice, the less you bleed in battle.
Set your goals high, and don’t stop till you get there.
Be a voice, not an echo.
Success is a state of mind. If you want success, start thinking of yourself as a success.
You may see me struggle but you will never see me quit.
If you fell down yesterday, stand up today.
The pain you feel today is the strength you’ll feel tomorrow.
Don’t tell people your plans. Show them your results.
You don’t have to be perfect to be amazing.
Strength doesn’t come from what you can do. It comes from overcoming the things you once thought you couldn’t.
If you never try, you’ll never know what you’re capable of.
Nothing will work unless you do.
Make your life a masterpiece. Imagine no limitations on what you can be, have or do.
There is no substitute for hard work.
Don't stop until you're proud.
